Project 1, Milestone 1

The Casa Bonita Mobile App

I tend to do a lot of my TAM projects about the world famous Mexican restaurant, Casa Bonita. 
There’s a good reason for this. Casa Bonita’s website is a good example of terrible design. 
The website isn’t responsive and the design is busy and hard to look at. 
Plus it’s just so easy to poke fun at Casa Bonita.
I’m not sure which of the managers is in charge of the website and social media accounts but I know 
that none of the managers are particularly skilled in technology or design. After spending 4 years of 
my life being connected to this bizarre place in one way or another, I feel like I know the brand inside
and out. I know the main managers well and I know exactly what Casa Bonita is trying to represent and who
their target audience is. Therefore, doing TAM projects about good ole Mexican Disneyland is easy and fun.
Casa Bonita has a built in following mostly thanks to South Park and the fact that it’s a well-known Denver
tourist attraction. The loyal following is the only reason that Casa Bonita’s online presence has any success. 
If the managers cared more about advertising and design strategies, the Casa Bonita brand would be unstoppable. 
Anyways, I feel like it’s my duty as an ex-employee to take it upon myself to start designing a Casa Bonita app. 
It’s one of those things that no one will realize we needed until after I make it.

So what will the app have?
A food menu with descriptions and prices.
A show schedule with descritions.
Current news and updates.
A photo and video gallery.

Who is the intended audience?

I suppose the intended audience is anyone who is unfamiliar with Casa Bonita.
Since there isn't currently a lot of information about Casa Bonita available online,
this app will allow for the user to see all of this information in one spot. Typically,
the user will already have a trip to Casa Bonita planned before they bother with the app.

The information for this app will come from my own knowledge as well as CasaBonitaDenver.com
No similar apps exist but the Casa Bonita website accomplishes similar goals. However, their current
web design is not particularly helpful for users of adapative technology. The information needs to be
simplified rather than bogged down with overwhelming flashy graphics and outrageous color choices.

