Melissa Moonie
ATLS 4120
MAD Milestone 4

My original app that was submitted on time is pretty awful. I was overly ambitious with what I could accomplish with my limited Xcode skills and ended up with a broken and hideous app. Everything I had aimed to achieve ended up broken beyond repair and at the last minute, I scrambled to have an app that would at least build successfully. I also realized that my original idea was pretty much designed as a website rather than for accomplishing a single task or calculation like a successful app should. In a last minute panic, I couldn’t even seem to get basic delegation tasks working and ended up with an extremely basic app that looks about as disgusting as the actual Casa Bonita does.

Over the weekend, I restarted my app from scratch, keeping only the images the same. I ended up with a less chaotic design and a color scheme that was much better in my opinion. For the past 8 weeks, I feel like I’ve pushed Mobile App Developments to the back of my priority list just because it’s difficult and brand new to me. It was easier to spend my time on assignments for other classes that built on concepts I had already learned. Over the weekend, I took a lot of time to catch up a bit on app development concepts after bombing the midterm. My redone app (on Github as, “CasaAppFinal), is by no means professional or complicated. However, I ended up with an app that was able to pass the data from a scroll bar on one screen to a text box on a second screen. It performs simple addition and changes between images using a segmented controller. The aim of this app is to show the user how much money they should budget for a trip to Casa Bonita. Unfortunately, people should always budget about 3 times as they usually would for a crappy meal because Casa Bonita is notoriously overpriced and therefore, I saw the need for a budgeting app. After making an app that successfully performed basic tasks, I instantly got more excited about app development. My second app does enough that I felt like I had made some progress over the past few weeks. Perhaps I got motivated for app development too late. Luckily, I feel a newfound motivation for app development as we’re moving into Android development.

My redone app turned out completely different from what I originally planned but I’m not too unhappy with how it turned out. It’s super basic and the design needs work but it does some super basic calculations and does more than my previous apps. It accomplishes my goal of a Casa Bonita budgeting app much better than the original one did. It utilizes a slider in order to allow the user to select their ideal budget for a Casa Bonita meal (which costs between $18-$30). I’m glad that we have a fresh start as we’re switching to Android. I’m planning to make App Development a priority even if it’s not as simple and familiar as other classes that I’m enrolled in and hopefully I’ll stay caught up with Android programming so that I can end up with a sweet final project.
